c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.exe.config
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.deps.json
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.exe
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\libuv.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Fitbit.Portable.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.AspNetCore.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpOverrides.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.IISIntegration.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.WebListener.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Session.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.DiagnosticAdapter.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.Net.Http.Server.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Fabric.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.AspNetCore.WebListener.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.AspNetCore.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\obj\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\obj\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.csproj.WebService.exe.config
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\obj\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\obj\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.exe
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\obj\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\WebService.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:\Users\Matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
C:\Users\Matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:\Users\Matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.Design.dll
C:\Users\Matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\Remotion.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Matt\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZivaTwo\ZivaServiceTrackerAssignment\WebService\bin\x64\Debug\net452\win7-x64\System.Interactive.Async.dll
